IIPS D.C. is driven by the enthusiastic, committed .strongly motivated IIPS students and expertise of its industrious team and Mentor.
 
Core areas for working  in Development Center are:
Development and  Deployment of  IT -Products.
Training for Professional Development and future demand of Industries.
R&D Projects.
Technical Support for IIPS development.
Patron: Director International Institute of Professional Studies ,Devi Ahilya University Indore, INDIA. 


At Present, IIPS-DC is working to meet following objectives. 
To provide benefits to the society with lowcost IT products
To expose  the students with  live projects, imparting workplace professionalism and invaluable experience.

 History
Envisioned in December 2000
immediate mission (in 2000) -Rendering low cost IT solutions to various government and social organizations, e-Governance and Social Computing Initiative
 Lead by the innovative instincts of its pro-active Director, nurtured with the acumen and resourcefulness of its pragmatic project managers of that time.
 IIPS-DC is driven passionate student teams working 24 X 7 with  enthusiastic, committed and experts from Industries and Academia of its industrious team and Alumni. 
Scope

The scope of IIPS-DC is not only about  product-development but also up to  the implementation and deployment,This includes the training of the various end-users and maintenance of the products thereby offering a complete package of IT solutions cum services.





e-SCI
 
Envisioned in 2001.
Started with strong team of six members.
The aim of e-SCI lab is to work for social institutions and ergo, computerizing the tasks which are accomplished with tremendous efforts manually.
The project was automation of Regional Transport Office .
this  Center has served many organizations including
 Madhya Pradesh Police,
Indore Municipal Corporation,
 The  Apollo Hospital - Indore etc.
It assists in saving time and by innovative open source technology and software, makes the work user-friendly as well.
The e-SCI has undergone a continuous evolution since inception.
 It is now established as a unique center of excellence in e-governance and low cost computing and is at the vanguard of 'Software for Society' in Malwa region of Central India.
Mission of e-SCI Lab at IIPS D.C. :
The aim of e-SCI lab is to work for social institutions and ergo, computerizing the tasks which are accomplished with tremendous efforts manually. It thereby, assists in saving time and by innovative technology and software, makes the work user-friendly as well.


Visit professional linked in profile of IIPS Development Center ,Devi Ahilya University Indore ,INDIA.